And what a blessing to be here to be able to present our ministry.
And thank you for that opportunity.
Matthew chapter 9 this afternoon, and as we think about missions and as we think of the
theme that all the world may know, I think one of the best passages, there's many in
the Bible, but to grab a glimpse of what God thinks about missions, about how our Lord
Jesus, just grab a little bit of his heart and his scope and his vision of the world.
We can see that here in Matthew chapter 9.
It's a very known passage.
You probably have heard about it before, read it before, heard a message, and I want us
to look at this perspective and grab a little bit of the heart of Jesus as he looks out
into the world.
Matthew chapter 9 verse 35 to 38, it says, if you would stand with me, we'll read God's
word in Matthew 9 verse 35, it says, and Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching
in the synagogues and preaching the gospel of the kingdom and healing every sickness
and every disease among the people.
But when he saw the multitude, he was moved with compassion on them because they fainted
or were scattered abroad as sheep having no shepherd.
Then said he unto his disciples, the harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few.
Pray either for the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth laborers into his harvest.
Dear Heavenly Father, Lord, I pray that you can bless this time, Lord.
I pray that my words would not be mine, Lord, but it could be yours.
Lord, I pray for our hearts, Lord, that would be open.
Take away all distractions, Lord.
It's been a busy week, Lord, and many of the people here, Lord, have went to work and came
back.
Lord, I just pray that we can put everything aside, Lord, and we can just concentrate on
what you have for us tonight, Lord.
Bless this time in the name of Jesus, amen.
You may be seated.
What are the world's greatest needs?
Questions that throughout history has been made, and many companies or many non-profits
have asked that question, and how they can help, and maybe many billionaires, millionaires
have thought about where to put their money at, and what is the need of this country or
that country, or what are the greatest needs of humanity?
How can we help humanity?
You probably have an idea.
If we did a list down here and throughout the auditorium, you can probably start writing
down different needs that the world has, and how it would be amazing to supply all those
needs, right?
You probably find in there eliminate hunger, right?
We don't really suffer that here in the United States, but there's other countries that there's
a lot even kids that don't know where the next meal is going to come.
What about if we can eliminate poverty?
Everybody had a job that they can go, the energy, and get it done, and have enough to
supply for their family.
That would be wonderful, right?
What about disease or sickness?
You might be in this room, some people struggling with that.
Wouldn't it be amazing if we can eliminate it, if we could just help with that?
But do you know, my dear friend, that the greatest need is not a physical need?
It's not an economic need.
It's not something we can simply fix out of our own power.
The greatest need of the world, the world's greatest need is not a physical, not, but
a spiritual.
The fulfillment of the world's need cannot be fulfilled by the world itself, but by God.
You know, in this passage, as we see Jesus in a story, wonderful story, and this record
of us seeing him in his heart toward missions, his heart toward the world, and you know,
we can see in this passage three of the world's greatest needs.
Three of the world's greatest needs.
And how God has put us as the church in a position that we can help out with these needs.
You, my dear friend, can help out with the greatest need of the world.
The greatest need of your friends, of your co-workers, of your family members, the greatest
need.
So, let's look at him.
Three needs that the world, three of the greatest needs the world needs, right?
Number one, we'll see, number one, we see the unequal need of the Savior.
The unequal need of the Savior.
What does that mean, the unequaled?
There's no greater need.
It's unequaled.
And I know this is a lot of Spanish thinking, in fact, unequaled, right?
We use it a lot in the Spanish culture when we try to describe something that has no reach.
No other thing can reach it.
And let me tell you this afternoon, my friend, there's no other need, greatest need of your
life than Jesus.
There's no greater need of your friends, your family, like I said, and the world.
It needs Jesus.
Let's go back to our passage here.
Verse 35, wow, what a verse.
This is a verse that has so much in just a little tiny verse.
So much ministry tied up into one verse.
Verse 35, it says, and Jesus went about all the cities and villages.
That word all has a big, heavy weight, right?
Imagine going to all the cities and villages.
That's a lot of villages.
That's a lot of places that Jesus was going to.
He went to this city and to this village, and one after another, all the cities and
villages there in Israel, and wow, that took probably a lot, a lot of walking, right?
We have our watches.
It kind of tells us how many steps we take.
Imagine how many if we had one on Jesus, right?
How many he took?
That was a lot.
You know, he didn't have a car.
He couldn't take a plane, right?
He literally walked there on a horse or different things, and wow, we see Jesus is so busy in
his ministry.
In fact, if we read the story in the Gospels and we see Jesus, he's busy, busy, busy, to
the point that he gets exhausted, to the point that he tells his disciple, send me to the
other side.
I need some time to rest.
I can't be around people because I want to help them.
I want to teach them.
I want to heal them.
I need to get a part.
I need to rest.
Remember that story when he gets underneath the boat, and many of these fishermen that
were used to, you know, strong fishermen and used to the sea and used to the water, and
a storm came, and Jesus went underneath, and he fell asleep there, and the storm came,
and it wasn't a big, huge yacht, right, or one of those cruises, right?
No, this is a little, tiny boat, and he fell asleep, and he fell asleep in a storm.
Like that saying says, sleep through a storm, right?
In fact, they go and they have to wake him up.
That's how much he was sleeping, because he was so tired, because he gave so much of himself,
because he gave of his time, he gave of his effort, he gave of his, he gave so much, and
he was so tired, and the reason, and you ask yourself, why did he go to every city?
Why did he go to every village, and why did he have to do that, and why so much sacrifice?
Because he knew that the greatest need of those cities and villages was him.
We come to, we continue this, and the verses, and Jesus went about all the cities and villages,
and this is so important, it says, teaching in the synagogues, and what is the next part?
Preaching the gospel of the kingdom.
Jesus knew that the greatest need for the world was the gospel.
The greatest need of the world, my dear friend, is the gospel.
We love that word gospel.
In fact, in Spanish, do you know that there's a literal, a transliteration, there's a real
literal translation in Spanish?
We just say it like it sounds, evangelio.
That's how we say it in Spanish, which, if you go to the Greek, it's evangelion, right?
It's literally, we just say the same word, but what does it mean?
That word means good news.
The good news.
Now, what is the good news during the time of Jesus?
He says, preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and now it's a little bit different.
What was the gospel?
What was the good news during the time of Jesus?
The good news was the Messiah is here.
The Messiah is here.
You've been waiting for the Messiah.
You've seen, you've heard about the Messiah.
I mean, all of Genesis 3, 16, you can see the first mention of the Messiah.
was gonna come and hit the head of the snake, right?
All the way, now he's here.
That's what he was preaching, the gospel of the kingdom.
Now, what does the gospel mean for us today?
Well, let's look at it, 1 Corinthians 15.
If you wanna go with me, 1 Corinthians 15.
The Apostle Paul describes what the gospel is.
He describes it in verse number one,
and then he later describes what it is and says,
"'Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel
"'which I preach unto you, which also ye have received,
"'and wherein ye stand.'"
Verse number three, it says,
"'For I deliver unto you the first of all,
"'which I also received.'"
He's talking about the gospel, right?
"'How that Christ died for our sins,
"'according to the scriptures, and that he was buried,
"'and that he rose again the third day,
"'according to the scriptures.'"
So what is the gospel for us?
Jesus came.
He came and he died at the cross,
and he was buried, and the third day he rose again.
That's the gospel for us.
Jesus came.
Now, let me ask you, why?
Why did he come?
Why did he give so much of himself,
go to every city preaching, healing?
Why did he give himself to the moment of the cross
in his own life?
You know why?
We all had a problem.
In fact, you can see it here,
and it describes the very verse number three
of 1 Corinthians 15, right?
It says, "'How that Christ died for our sins.'"
You know, we all have a problem, my dear friend.
It's sin.
It's been there through ages,
one generation after another.
Sin, the Bible says, that sin is an issue.
Sin is everything we think, everything we say,
everything we do that breaks God's law.
Sin is everything that we break,
the line that God has put for us,
and he said, I want you to live this way.
I want you to do these things.
I want you, and we have come short of that line
that God has put for us, and it's breaking God's law.
And it's sin.
The Bible, in fact, says that we're all sinners.
You know we're all sinners.
For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
In fact, it says if you say that you have no sin,
you make God a liar.
My dear friend, we're all sinners.
Now, what is the consequences of sin?
Sin separates us from God.
For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
You know, my brother and I, we're in California.
I just had graduated, and I had a little Honda Civic,
and man, we filled that Honda Civic up
with everything we could.
I couldn't see through the windows.
The good thing, I could see in the front, right?
So we didn't put anything on the front.
But behind, I couldn't see anything, right?
But we're like, let's take a trip all the way
from Lancaster, California, close to LA,
and let's kind of go all the way around
until I went to South Carolina,
where I had some family there.
And so I was like, let's do this.
And my brother and I were so excited
to take this trip, right?
We wanted to stop at different places,
see some family, different things.
And I remember that one of the stops
was gonna be in the Grand Canyon.
We were so excited.
It's like, let's go, let's go to the Grand Canyon.
Yeah, and it's free, it's free, wow, yeah.
We were broke college students, right?
Just graduated, but I was still broke, okay?
So, but I was like, well, let's do it.
And we got there, and guess what?
It's not totally free.
You have to pay for parking.
Just wanted to let you know,
if you're gonna take a trip like that.
But yeah, it kind of hurts, but we were there.
Let's do this, you know, pay for parking.
Let's go out, and man, we were so excited.
We got up there, and we did all this pathway
to get to, and finally, we see it.
And it's a big hole.
I don't wanna ruin your vacation.
If you wanna see the Grand Canyon, go see it.
It's amazing, but yeah, it's a big, huge hole.
And in fact, your eyes kind of deceive you.
So far away, you can look at the hole and everything
and how big it is, and it was wonderful to see.
You know, they were trying to say something,
you know, the ice age and how it melted and it all,
because it was all made by water, right?
And they were trying to describe,
but me and my brother, we knew, you know,
when it was made, right?
When the world was covered completely.
And what evidence to the truth of God
about Noah and how that was made.
It's amazing, right?
But I was there, and the distance is amazing.
Imagine if I were to take a good distance,
and I were to try to run and jump.
You think I would make it to the other side?
I probably would start running and get tired
before you even get to the edge, right?
But man, I would try to jump and I wouldn't make it.
You know how many people spiritually
are trying to make that jump?
Yeah.
They're trying to make it to the other side.
They say, oh no, pastor, oh no, listen, I'm a good person.
I can make it to the other side, I can make it to God,
I can make it for salvation, I can make it into heaven,
thinking I can make it to the other side
by my own strength and my own goodness.
Oh, my dear friend, if you're here and you think that,
let me just tell you, the Bible says no one is clean.
We're all sinners.
We're all filthy as rags.
You can't make it because you're good.
People try to pay their way into salvation.
Do you know there's a lot more in Uruguay
and parts of Brazil, too?
There's Paredes Sofrir, which is a big movement
that has been, and you can go there
and buy holy water from the Jordan,
and you can do this and buy different things,
and even you can almost try to buy your way into salvation.
You know, money, that bridge doesn't make it.
You know religion doesn't make it?
Being religious, going to church,
and just being there, sitting down,
and coming, and trying to pray,
or doing all these different things doesn't make it.
In fact, one of the most famous verses in the Bible
is John 3, 16, isn't it?
For God so loved the world
that he gave his only begotten son,
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish,
but have everlasting life.
Well, let me ask you this.
In the context of that verse, who is speaking?
Who is giving the gospel?
Jesus.
To who?
Nicodemus.
And who was Nicodemus?
He was the top of the top of the most religious man
you can probably find in all of Israel at the moment.
He was one of the leaders,
he was one of the teachers at the moment.
In fact, you know Nicodemus was part of the Sanhedrin?
71 men that was chosen,
that they thought they were, I mean,
completing all the law and religious
and the most amazing,
and they chose these men as like,
they were the top notch.
They were the best.
71 men.
Some of us don't even make it to his knee
of really being religious.
I mean, he was probably teaching about God every day.
Trying to pray every day, you know some of them?
Thought that if they conserved the law
to the point that they did everything the law wanted to do,
they thought the Messiah would come?
That's how religious they were.
But still Jesus had to look at Nicodemus
and say, if you're not born again.
Nicodemus was not gonna make it by his own religion.
Religion won't get you there.
My dear friend, are you saved?
Do you know Jesus?
He's the greatest need you have.
He's the greatest we all need.
It's an unequal need.
It's an all-inclusive need.
You know it's an eternal need?
Just the need of Jesus is for eternity.
The Bible talks about heaven and hell.
If we get to God and to the other side of,
who can say that Grand Canyon,
that could be impossible, there's salvation.
But now how is the only way to get to that side?
Like we said, it's Jesus.
For God so loved the world
that he gave his only begotten son
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish
but have everlasting life.
You know, it's not only you, my friend,
and if you're here and you don't know Jesus,
I hope that today would be the day.
You know, it's not only your friend
and maybe here at the city,
but you know the world needs Jesus.
There was a lady in our church called Abuela Delia.
Abuela Delia, and Abuela means grandma,
Delia was her name,
and Abuela Delia, she loved the Lord.
I mean, she was there every service almost.
She was there, she wanted to be there,
and she probably came to a few teen activities.
You know, she just loved going to church.
And my mom was, my mom was her ride, who picked her up for years.
And she would call my mom, hermana Ruth, me va a venir a buscar, hermana are you going
to come pick me up?
And she was like, yes, I'm going to come pick you up.
And it was always the same, she wanted to make sure to get there, right?
And every time you say hi to her, she would give you a honey candy.
So I would follow her around, right, and have a bunch of candy, you know, say hi multiple times.
And I would put a bunch in my pocket, you know, and she's just a wonderful lady.
And, you know, when I was a teen, my parents told me her story.
Abuela Delia come out, came out of her, of her little house and closed the gate, never come back.
She was going to walk, she had decided to walk down and get to a famous kind of street.
And she was going to wait in the edge.
And when a city bus would come, she was going to throw herself in front of the city bus.
She was going to take her own life.
As she was there, she was waiting for the bus and waiting and waiting and waiting.
The bus didn't come.
She's like, well, let me look for another bus.
And she started walking, going through different streets.
And and she got lost.
And it was hot.
So she got thirsty and she knocked at the house of a of somebody.
And they open it up and said, listen, young man, I'm thirsty and I'm lost.
Can I have a cup of water?
Yeah, come in.
He's actually one of my dad's assistant.
And on that day, Abuela Delia got to know our Lord.
You know how many Abuela Delia's are out there in the world waiting to hear about Jesus?
The world needs Jesus.
So we saw that number one, the unequal need of the Savior and number two, we'll see the great, the second greatest need of the world.
And there's no comparison, right?
There's an unequal need, no greater need than Jesus.
But these come right after that.
Right at the world.
Number two is the compassion of the church, the compassion of the church.
We see this.
Jesus is going to city after city.
And it's because of that, the gospel.
Right.
And and finally, verse 36, he pauses and he looks out into the multitudes.
But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them because they were fainted or scattered abroad as sheep having no shepherd.
We see our Lord pauses.
He lifts up his eyes.
He sees the multitudes and he's moved with compassion.
Let me ask you, when was the last time you looked at somebody and you asked yourself, is that person saved?
Your relative that you love.
Do you have that compassion?
If what an amazing word study, if you want to do a word study on compassion many times, most of the time it revolves around Jesus.
You know, if you go to the etymology of the word and you go to the Greek and it literally means the pouring out of the guts.
The movement of the valves, valves.
It kind of wants to describe the is so much the empathy that you feel as you look out to the point that it's a physical pain in your stomach.
Aren't you glad we have a compassionate Savior?
Aren't you glad?
Aren't you happy?
I mean, it's amazing.
In fact, whenever you feel down or alone, come back to this passage.
It's his fear.
Look, the God Almighty, creator of the heavens and the earth.
He pauses and he says when he saw.
Oh, my dear friend, you know, Jesus sees you.
He knows about you.
He knows about your struggles, your storms, your problems, your difficulties.
He knows you better than you know yourself.
Oh, he knows you.
Not only does he know you and he sees you, we have a personal savior.
That he hurts with you.
Isn't he?
He just doesn't look at the multitudes.
He was moved with compassion.
We have a savior who hurts when you hurt.
He knows what you're going through.
And if he can, he does he does his best to help you be there to give you that hand.
He says he was moved with compassion on them.
But listen, he was not moved.
He looked, he was God.
He looked, he saw the broken families.
He saw the relationships and the marriages about to be separated or
difficulties in the family or or the economic needs.
And yes, he saw all of that.
But why was he broken?
Why did he have compassion?
It says right here.
Because they're fainted or scattered abroad.
A sheep having no shepherd.
You know what it means?
It says because they fainted.
They were hurting, they were struggling, they were oppressed.
They were scattered.
Have you ever seen sheep scattered?
I remember my grandpa, he would get on a horse and go out into the field.
And then it was so funny to see him back, coming back on the horse with just a sheep
right on his arm right here and just coming back with the sheep and then telling us,
oh, he, the sheep fell and, you know, got hurt on this, did this, did that.
And he had to heal them.
And he had to and sometimes he would go on the field and they would be on a ditch with
their feet up.
So how do you get there?
And then there was one sheep that would continue doing it.
It's like it was normal to go out and to look at the different cows and the sheep.
And that's there he is.
The sheep is still.
They're scattered.
They had no shepherd.
No truth, nobody pointing and saying this is the truth, this is the way.
Now, all my dear friend, the world have been scattered and fainted and oppressed by
darkness, spiritual darkness, and there's no light for many of them.
There's no shepherd.
There's no person saying this is the way, this is the truth and the light.
This is Jesus.
Let me introduce you to Jesus.
He was broken by it, saddened.
We have a compassionate Savior, don't we?
We can go story after story about Jesus' compassion and we can see the lepers.
What an amazing story.
There's 10 of them.
And let me ask you this, Him being God, did you know how many were going to say thank
you when they came back?
But how many did He heal?
He healed all 10.
What about the woman in the well and going against Corrie?
Going against cultural status and different things just to talk to her.
What about the man in the pool of Bodesta?
Is it an amazing story?
This man for 38 years has been sitting there and probably laying down in his own filth
and he couldn't get to the pool.
The Bible says that an angel would come down and stir the water and the first one that
would jump in would get healed immediately.
And he was waiting there.
He wanted an opportunity, but no one helped him.
No one.
He probably came to the reality saying, this is it.
This is my reality.
This I'm going to die like this until he found Jesus.
In fact, Jesus found him.
If you should read the story, Jesus went directly to him.
He knew he was suffering.
You know, he didn't do miracles in his before the three years.
Now, we know there's no record of him doing any miracles in just three years.
You think he was thinking about him before he could actually go and do the miracle?
Would you love to see a camera as he went in, dodging people and people asking Jesus
and say no and going through the streets and going to that man and healing him?
Wouldn't that be amazing to see when he was healed?
And man, he got so excited.
You know, later, they actually grabbed that man to pull him aside and said, who healed you?
What does he say?
I don't know.
So you're telling me the God who demands all honor and glory.
Did you even tell this man his name?
He healed him out of compassion.
Later, he got to know who healed him.
What about the darkest time of Jesus?
The moment of all eternity, the hardest thing Jesus was going to do as he was going to the cross.
I was beaten.
I was taking the cross.
And he almost physically couldn't take the cross with him.
And he wanted to take the cross, but they had to get somebody to help him.
And finally, he got there to Golgotha, and he was crucified.
And you know seven phrases he says in the cross?
Seven.
Experts say that he could barely breathe at the cross, and it was hard.
And plus the physical damage that he had had.
The stress that he had had.
And the exhaustion of his limbs and his body was so much.
Only seven phrases.
Very short.
But you know, one of them was dedicated to a sinner.
Nobody was there saying, Jesus, we love you.
Jesus, we're here to help you.
We love you.
You can do it.
He knew this, Jesus, no, he was mocked.
In his darkest time, it wasn't the physical,
but the first time of all eternity,
God the Father would give him his back.
Father, Father, why have thy forsaken me?
During his hardest time, the most darkest time,
he takes breath as he cleans on those nails
to encourage a thief in the cross next to him.
You know the story, they were bickering one with another
and finally he looks at Jesus and says,
Jesus, remember me.
Isn't it amazing the words that he used, Jesus used?
He only had a few to give, but he gives to dying man.
He was dying, there was no coming out of the cross
without dying.
It was, if you went to the cross, you are dead.
In his moment, can you put your shoes on there?
He looks at Jesus, remember me, broken, ready to die.
And Jesus says, today.
When do you pause there, Jesus, I'm dying.
Today I'm dying.
There's no today.
There's no after today.
He says, today you will be with me in paradise.
Woo, isn't that amazing?
In paradise.
Listen, we have a compassionate savior.
How's your compassion for the lost?
How's your compassion for that coworker that you know
they had probably never heard the gospel?
That person that's right next to you living for years,
they need to hear the gospel and we're almost finished.
Number three, we see number one,
the unequal need of the savior.
Number two, the compassion of the church.
Number three, you know what the world needs?
This is so important, church family.
The faithful work of believers.
Jesus is broken, Jesus is working, working, working.
Jesus is going through city after city.
He makes a pause, he looks up and he says,
there's so much work to do.
I can't do this by myself.
And he looks out to his disciples.
This is what he tells his disciples.
Listen, it's amazing.
He says, then said he used to his disciples,
the harvest truly is plenteous,
but the labors are few.
Pray for the Lord of the harvest
that he will send forth labors.
A lot of people concentrate on the pray.
Listen, in these two verses,
the main word is not the prayer, it's the labor.
It's the lack of labors.
Why?
Because the praying is because of the lack of labors.
The main issue here is not a lack of prayer exactly,
it's a lack of labors.
Yes, prayer comes into an effect,
but there's a lack of labors.
We still have that problem today.
Labors, what does it mean?
Let's break it up super fast.
Labors, today we don't really use labors.
But labors equals, what would we say labors are today?
Workers.
There's a lack of workers.
Now, let me ask you this.
So labor equals workers.
Workers should be working, right?
Hopefully.
You're thinking about that one co-worker that doesn't work.
Workers equals working.
Now, what is working?
People that are taking action.
It's an action.
Working is an action.
Working is doing an action, so there's results.
So there can't be any results without the action.
And without the action, we're not working.
We need more people to take action.
Listen, this is our generation.
Until the moment that you breathe your last breath,
God has told you, go into all the nations
and preach the gospel.
It is our responsibility, not the angels.
It would be so easy to have the angels.
God has given us the church to go and say,
listen, here is Jesus, and working, taking action.
You know, Jesus is an example of this.
He gives his life.
He's the gospel.
He's the good news, right?
Number two, he has compassion.
His compassion drove to give his own life for us.
We know also Jesus is an example of action.
Listen, even in this passage, listen,
he takes three actions immediately.
Three actions Jesus does after he's feeling saddened
and so much compassion to a group.
Three actions that we can do today.
Number one, he says pray.
Number one, pray.
That's an action you could take.
Pray for the Lord of the harvest, right?
That he would send forth the laborers in the harvest.
You know, you should pray for the harvest.
Pray for more laborers.
Not only that, but number three.
Number two, a second action you could do is go.
Look at the next chapter.
What does Jesus do?
He gets ready, he gets his disciples,
and he says, okay, you're gonna go over here,
Simeon and Matthew and John and Luke.
You guys are gonna go this way.
And actually, if you read the next chapter,
it's him sending them out.
Look at chapter 10, verse number seven.
It says, as ye, what does it say?
Go.
That's a second action.
You can go to your neighbor.
You can go to people you know that don't know the Lord.
Go.
If God is calling you to go to another part of the world,
go.
That's an action God is telling you to do.
If he's printing your heart.
Number three, listen, the next thing.
Look at verse number nine.
It says, provide neither gold nor silver nor brass
in your purses, nor script for your jinn,
or you need two coats, neither shoes.
That's a very interesting one.
Neither shoes.
It says, don't take shoes.
Yet, nor ye staves.
Now, what is he teaching them?
Don't take money.
Don't take gold.
Don't take anything, because there's gonna be people
that will give.
People will give.
That's another action.
You can give, and it tells us the next part.
For the workman is worthy of his meat.
We use so much that verse, right?
But it's talking about, in the context of somebody
taking to the gospel.
I'll finish with this.
Kevin Carter was an iconic photographer.
He actually took a picture called
The Vulture and the Little Girl.
You probably heard about it before.
It was such an iconic picture that he took,
and he was over there in 1993.
He was covering the famine of Sudan,
and while he was there, he took a picture,
and he brought it back, and it went to words,
and it was so amazing.
The letter, sadly, Kevin took his own life.
They asked him, a family and people that knew him,
what happened?
What happened with Kevin?
They said, well, Kevin kept on getting letters
and calls saying, Kevin, what did you do
with the little girl, Kevin?
What did you do with the girl, Kevin?
If you look at the picture, it's a little girl.
She's starving.
You can see her ribs, and she can barely make it.
She's so exhausted, she's almost crumpled in herself,
and right behind her, there's a huge vulture
that's watching her.
And you can see, it's a hard picture to see.
It's almost like the vulture's waiting for the girl to die.
And they ask, what did you do with the girl, Kevin?
You know, Kevin didn't do anything.
He knew that he needed water and food.
He took a compassionate picture,
but Kevin didn't do anything.
Oh, my dear friend, the world needs Jesus.
The world needs our compassion,
and the world needs us to take action.
Let's pray.
Heavenly Father, Lord,
I pray, my God, that we would have this desire
and this heart that you had,
that we could also look into the fields,
and we can also see the need for you, my God.
I pray you would bless the rest of the invitation
as Pastor Gibson, in the name of Jesus, amen.
Many heads are bowed, eyes are closed.
Obvious this evening, the message is so clear.
We have an opportunity to respond,
to be doers of the word.